---
title: Media Release
layout: legal
---
APPEARANCE RELEASE
I authorize Silicon Valley Foundry, LLC (“Producer”) and its respective parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns Producer to make use of my appearance in connection with the StartupBus Event (“Event”) and in connection with Producer or otherwise.

I agree that you may tape and photograph me, and record my voice, conversation and sounds, including any performance of any musical composition(s), during and in connection with my participation and that you shall be the exclusive owner of the results and proceeds of such taping, photography and recording with the right, throughout the world, an unlimited number of times in perpetuity, to copyright, to use, to modify, and to license others to use, in any manner, all or any portion thereof or of a reproduction thereof in connection with the event or otherwise. I acknowledge and agree that the Event is based on a concept (“Concept”) created by Producer and Producer owns and controls all rights therein and I shall have no right to develop or exploit the Concept, the event or any aspect or element of the event in any manner whatsoever. For purposes of clarity, I expressly waive any and all moral rights I may have in connection with my appearance.

I further agree that you may use and license others to use my name, voice, likeness and any biographical material concerning me or other personal materials (e.g., still photographs, film clips, home videos, etc.) which I may provide, in any and all media and in the promotion, advertising, sale, publicizing and exploitation of the event throughout the world in all media, an unlimited number of times in perpetuity. I further represent that any statements made by me during my appearance are true, to the best of my knowledge, and that neither they nor my appearance will violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party and I shall indemnify you and hold you harmless from any liability or claimed liability in connection with my appearance, materials furnished by me (if any) and/or any words spoken by me in connection with the event.

I hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of my appearance or the uses to which such appearance may be put. I acknowledge that Producer will rely on this permission potentially, at substantial cost to Producer and hereby agree not to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever (including without limitation, claims based on invasion of privacy, defamation or right of publicity) against anyone relating to the exercise of the permissions granted hereunder and in no event will I have the right to seek or obtain injunctive or other equitable relief. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to obligate Producer to exercise any of the rights herein granted.

Except as authorized by Producer, I will not, or authorize others to, receive or generate any monetary advantage from my appearance related to the Event or use or disclose to any party any information learned as a result of my participation in the Event for a content production that has not been publicly announced. Disclosure by me in violation of the foregoing shall constitute and be treated as a material breach of this Appearance Release which will cause irreparable harm to Producer.

This is the complete and binding agreement between us, superseding all prior understandings and communications with respect to the subject matter hereof. This agreement cannot be terminated, rescinded or amended except by an agreement signed by the parties. I warrant that I am at least 18 years of age (or, if not, that my parent or legal guardian has agreed to the foregoing and signed below) and that I have the full and unrestricted right to enter into this agreement.
